# Hello world app  
App to practice some ways of configuring the build system with cmake. The app will print an "Usage message" if no arguments are introduce.    
## Options to configure the project  
The foolowing options are available for this project:
- DEBUG_BUILD
- USE_LOG  
  
`DEGUG_BUILD` is explained in the section below called `Adding compile options`.  
`USE_LOG` is an option if the user wants to activate verbose from the application, it will enable all the prints so the user can redirect the output to a `log` file or just have them printed on the `terminal`.  
To configure the project with this option, add one or both options to the cmake commnad like:  
`$ cmake -DDEBUG_BUILD=ON -DUSE_LOG=ON ..`  
`$ cmake -DDEBUG_BUILD=ON ..`  
`$ cmake -DUSE_LOG=ON ..`  `
## Adding compile features  
Using and `INTERFACE` library to add the c++ standard  
## Adding compile options  
Palying with generator expresions to select whether or not the debugging flag should be added to the build system. An `option` called `DEBUG_BUILD` can be set to `TRUE` to enable debugging.

To build the `hello-world` app just:  
1. Create a `build` directory if there is not one in the project top directory, where the top CMakeLists.txt file is. For instance -> `/home/$USER/myRepos/hello-vscode/`  
`$ mkdir build`  
and go into that directory  
`$ cd build`  
2. Configure the project. Here you can set `DEBUG_BUILD` variable to true, false by default  
`$ cmake -DDEBUG_BUILD=ON ..`  
or if you don't want debug just run  
`$ cmake ..`  
A message like the following should appear after building correctly:  
```cmake
-- Configuring done
-- Generating done
-- Build files have been written to: "whatever path is your build directory created in step 1"  
```  
3. Run your program, if you selected debugging, try the debugger in VS Code. You will need to set correctly the `launch.json` under the `.vscode` folder. Usually this file can be automatically generated by vscode, tutorials on the official vscode web can be found. From the build directory run:  
`$ ./vscode whateverArgument`  
or  
`$ ./vscode`  
